hey everybody welcome back it's funky
it's not spelunky I shouldn't joke about
that spelunky is a beautiful game so is
Isaac especially when you get an IVA and
I was going to say especially when you
get a no matter who it was no matter who
it were I was going to say that dat CR
for FH basically straight up these have
been the easiest Isaac runs of all time
and I am incredibly blessed it's like
you know being an NHL team coming off of
the all-star break and you look at your
schedule and you're like Colorado
Avalanche like I'm going to touch on
that there's another tangent I have for
that Colorado Avalanche Arizona coyotes
Arizona coyotes Vancouver Canucks San
Jose Sharks look at the tough one then
you go back to Colorado for another game
against the 2016-2017 Avalanche the joke
is that they were not very good this
year neither where the Canucks see us
northernlion school of owning people is
you got it before you can own people you
got to own yourself and then they feel
comfortable being owned because you're
all in it together anyway let's go for a
Babylon here um in my opinion you know
and and I'm not saying I'm an expert but
I did teach English in South Korea for
12 months and as a result I would say
that I am a professional of the highest
the order can't open it unfortunately
the the hardest expression in the
English language to say is Colorado
Avalanche there are like and I never
used to have this problem and this is
not a bit well I mean I'm mining it for
a bit but it's like it's the reality of
the situation when I was a kid I had no
problem saying Colorado Avalanche
because that's just how you learn you
get that pattern and stuck in your head
and you say it I went to Korea all of
the a sounds are pronounced the same
they're all ah so you know we say
Samsung that's not correct technically
although again you can localize it to
that if you live in the Americas I think
that's fine it's actually Samba song if
you go that's wrong no you're wrong okay
this is a family name in South Korea you
you know better than the South Koreans
how to pronounce the name of the same
thing like it's not hye-young day it's
film day but anyway I digress this is
getting to the point of irrelevance
I never had a problem then I came back
after you know learning to speak just
very very very basic Korean chuggy old
makes you do gauge you say oh bali
bah-li it's a joke for my expats out
there it says bring me two beers and get
the land out if you know what I mean
so all the A's are pronounced off and
then you get this word call a raw dough
so that's a rah rah rah rah rah and then
you go ah Vall lanch it's like I know
this bit is like it's not actually I
know this bit is very insular it doesn't
seem like it makes sense but people make
fun of me they go why'd you say Colorado
Avalanche wrong it's because it's that
it illustrates it's the perfect
cellar-door ism for illustrating how
stupid the English language's Colorado
Avalanche is it's a team in the NHL by
the way if you're confused about what
I'm even talking about to begin with
here oh that was bad it's got like eight
A's in it and they're all pronounced
differently despite being the same
letter that's why I would it's the the
lightning rod for my criticism of the
English language that and I say this is
someone who I think has a good handle on
the English language I understand you
know the musicality of words and how to
use them in what I hope is the proper
fashion to elicit the maximum amount of
humor or at least meaning from them but
okay that's a good one not a good joke
but a good one but Colorado Avalanche
it's a tough one that would that should
be like on the final exam of any kind of
like English language proficiency test
even for spelling it's a little hard
it's no Massachusetts which even to this
day I can't spell and if you can spell
Massachusetts properly I'm assuming you
travel there a lot or live there that's
just the way it goes you know sure you
know I've been to Ketchum makuu jig
national park I can spell that kappa
skate
it's not a problem a palapa scat no
worries dude no all right we got belly
button we can hold two of these
absolutely no freaking problem go
building a new cook up and Squamish with
the iroquois you got a problem it was
actually here at koi it's actually
whatever they wanted to be okay you
don't get to choose is what I'm trying
to suggest can I have a key please by
the way but Massachusetts that just
can't do it just name the state mass
might seem like a stupid name but we got
no shortage of those you know I live in
a province called British Columbia what
country is it in Britain no that's
stupid are you an idiot
Columbia no are you crazy absolutely not
it's in Canada obviously British
Columbia is in Canada it's not even
close to Britain or Columbia well it's
not that far from Columbia depending if
you're walking it's a long trip they
finally gave me a key all right
anyway what I was the whole point of
this was to say that like the first runs
we've had here have been very easy it's
been like you know a strength of
schedule has been very low I'll try to
localize it for whatever sport you
follow if you follow sports if you
follow basketball it's like coming back
from the all-star break and then you got
games against the 76ers of the Brooklyn
Nets back-to-back you've watched the
National Football League it's like hey
we got a home-and-away against the
Jacksonville Jaguars next week if you
watch the Major League Baseball it's
like good news we got a doubleheader
with the Philadelphia Phillies tomorrow
anyway the maybe the Marlins are worse
now I can't remember anyway
if you watch the British Premier League
it's like we've got a few games with
Stoke City does I a few tilts with Stoke
City coming up if you watch
international soccer only it's like
you're playing Canada and World Cup
qualifiers what is this this is not a
modded run so it must be a new booster
pack item the seven seals okay I have a
have a horseman of the Apocalypse
following me around it's war
then he seems to be creating flies for
me on occasion
he's fly out these switched into I don't
think I can control them at all so I
mean the way I see it right now is that
it's just the horsemen that follows you
around and creates flies so it's like a
weird rotten baby does it create a
different number of flies by I'm
assuming it doesn't create a different
amount of damage for flies because that
breaks kind of like the fundamental rule
applies from Isaac which is that flies
always do two times it's your damage of
your your actual damage set this room is
like Loki one of the most underrated
difficult rooms in Isaac everyone always
talks about the room with like the
mushrooms that pop up and shoot on
diagonals and and we're on verticals but
they never actually Telegraph like these
guys right here lady why do I say when
you can just you know show it it's like
the first rule of filming I believe it
was Stanley Kubrick that said that
originally when I say it when you could
just show it say hey it's rain Stanley
Kubrick right-hand man to Al Capone in
the 1930s I mean there we go
I'm not going to take curse died this
run is fine I don't know how good the
item is I almost talked about over
Corrections I almost said I don't know
how well this item is I don't know how
good the seven harbingers item is but
care about rosary bead I mean I I do
like Callas even though the odds are I
probably oh you know what it creates
flies when you kill enemies is that no
that was just a coincidence creates
flies when all your flies die I don't
know yet we'll figure it out but the run
is still good like our damage stat is
great as long as we can enable Whore of
Babylon to function which we can as long
as we keep the razor blade and a level
of HP that is not zero although a zero
we will keep it anyway so suppose that's
sort of irrelevant
I prefer to have a little bit more HP
let's see what conquest does I'm going
to assume that he flies around it makes
flies for us yep
so far so good if it's just like a weird
kind of like variable version
no no because it also seeks out enemies
but it doesn't seem to do much damage
maybe the maybe the different followers
have different behaviors like conquests
definitely sawed out enemies it or they
appeared to at least we are getting like
mighty low one HP it's got me concerned
we still got an item room to go to here
it's X lakhs what we are going to do is
pop temperance and we basically want
temperance to give us blood bag because
it's permanent stats now we have enough
money to make our shop potentially work
as well so let's try that first and the
shop gives us a key which we probably do
want but do it in this order first
because we get PhD we should have gone
back and plated a little more of a PhD
first gives us HP which we can then use
to get enough money to buy a key anyway
out of this but it also gives us the
pill and the pill ended up being a luck
upgrade which is really good and then we
can buy a heart for three cents so I
figured we might as well knock that out
we don't really I mean we don't raise er
can do good stuff for us but I don't
think it's a necessity right now X lakhs
counts as a good pill unfortunately so
we're not really doing anything by
converting that unfortunately with PhD
is what I mean to save so bomb is a
worthwhile purchase because the bomb
gives us access to the tinted rock this
is the kind of run that I'm happy to
have now because I'm a little bit warmed
up but this gives me the opportunity to
I'm going to be a little lazy about that
but this gives me the opportunity to
start to have two min max just a little
bit not in the way like oh well if i
play my cards right I could go from 81
keys to 84 keys here
I just use the you know sign curve of
the Delta time you know it's not like
that on disparage anybody from doing
that I'm just not that kind of person
for the most part see we're in kind of a
rock or in between a rock and a hard
place here because I really want to use
the razor bullion right now pills is not
a good pill don't let them lie to you
hopefully uh now that we have a bomb
actually so they can keep Liberty cabin
Calais now that we have a bomb we don't
even buy a bomb it's getting kind of
confusing here and you're saying no it's
not don't insult our intelligence but no
I think it is getting slightly more
tricky the situation we find ourselves
in here so that's probably our secret
room will crack this yeah it was not
really a huge get but not bad and I do
want to go let's see what we get here
then we'll talk about ASA hearts yeah
that's actually like pretty good I'm
going to go to our curse room we're
going to hope that on the cursor we can
find a way to not have to lose half a
spear at hearts so start by razorblade
yeah it's like the opposite isn't it
this guy wants to take all of my hearts
here but this wooden cross is really
good okay gives you one a holy mantle
per floor if I remember correctly so we
can use it like right now I don't need
that HP I will just do it like this so
there goes our holy mantle what only
mantle poor floor is still very good in
my opinion at least and we're really I
think we're doing the right thing here
we've managed to make a lot of things go
our way on this floor with a very
limited amount of resources and I'm not
talking about Magic the Gathering so
hopefully this is a secret room get two
birds stoned at once and I mean that was
actually terrible and okay this is great
so we should get blood or Evie bag both
of which could be useful for us here we
do have to be a little careful about the
way that we choose to play this
we don't want to accidentally kill
ourselves but either of these pickups
could be good we will also definitely
get enough money to get a dull razor if
we want to get it there we go so we got
blood bag I mean we don't need to pick
up any of those then and we will we will
just barely get enough money to take
Dola razor
I think dull razor is like super the
wrong choice though unfortunately not
having any spirit arts does put us in a
weird spot here but you know we can even
though we got 2.63 damage which oh my
god 2.63 damage is terrible even though
we got 2.63 damage though i have hope
that we can basically via the holy
mantle charge I just had to use
unfortunately I had a hope it was a
really good amount of creak there that
we can get to a spirit hard before we
have to use razor blade to put ourselves
in a dicey spot you know what I mean
possibly not a secret room but you know
with this number of bombs we're going to
check anyway
we little like unsung hero sort of stuff
going on here we went from zero bombs to
ten bombs by the end of that situation
then I squandered all my goodwill by
taking damage in that situation so this
is becoming like the opposite of what
you want out of a neve run by that I
mean you don't normally I'm sorry buddy
you don't normally want HP and no damage
we'd much prefer to have no HP but like
probably quite a lot of damage so we're
a little bit opposite of where you'd
like to be on the average even run but
you know what it's not an average eaten
run so weirdo beaten run thus far at
least we got an item I've never seen
before in my entire life
and honestly although I was originally a
little bit skeptical that it was any
good at all the longer it goes on with
us having basically garbage damage the
happier I am to have it especially the
creeps seem to just like de stroyed
that's how you know you've played
probably a little bit too much Isaac
when you can look at where an enemy is
and then place the bomb for where
they're going to be in like four seconds
that's an indication that I've probably
wasted my young adult years here NL
don't be silly you're not a young adult
anymore well I don't know you know what
the problem is I think the phrase young
adult has lost all meaning because of
bookstores I was reading young adult
books when I was like 11 years old when
you're 11 years old you're not a young
this is not I was not saying I was
particularly precocious you know young
adult books when I was a kid was like
goosebumps like the you know might be
some Kissin in the book that's what a
young adult book was I got bad news for
you for you if you're watching this and
you're in you're 11 years old first stop
you've probably first stop good for you
I guess not really a target audience for
these surprise that the fact that you
resonated all over the content most of
the references are a little bit before
your time but anyway kudos it's
unfortunate you don't represent really a
prime demographic from an advertiser
standpoint you know it'd be nice if you
could get older and then buy like some
outies or something like that and then
you know the ad rates would go through
the roof but I don't have a grudging
watching the content anyway although it
is stealing anyway um that's a joke of
course where we go in here we finally
got a sphere in art and a 2 of hearts
versus an Ace of Hearts
oh thanks for the secret room access
but if you're 11 and you're like I read
young adult novels no you don't you you
read novels that are for probably
teenagers teenagers not a young adult we
there's nothing wrong with it
that's why we got a word for it the word
is teenagers
I don't care bad maybe I do I don't know
I don't know dude we're getting like a
litany of mid-tier trinkets here yeah I
maintain goosebumps not a young adult
novel in my opinion so what is a young
adult as a 28 year old I'm not an
authority on the subject like a young
adult is probably someone between the
ages of like 18 and 25 yeah you stop
being a young adult when you can tell
someone that you just had a baby and
they don't look at you like you sure
like if if we had a child and I was like
hey guess what you know Kate's pregnant
people would be like Oh finally you're
right at least my mom would be um but if
you're like 22 in your Ella and guess
what okay it's pregnant people would be
like oh that's like on purpose you know
that's when you're a young adult when
when having a child is you agreed with
an inquisitive response
it's a remarkably elegant metric now
you're going to say things like what NL
what if you come from a particularly
religious community what if you come
from you know a rural community where
things are you know the standards and
norms are different well you know Fair
Play I did I I knew a guy in university
totally like I mean I only met him like
three or four times with stand-up guy
everyone had nothing but nice things to
say about him devoutly religious he had
two kids by the time we graduated it was
still like going to school this is
amazing
say I was that wouldn't say I was
jealous because I mean come on dude and
see two kids by the time you're like 19
20 21 years old you're getting a little
ahead of your sitters plenty of time you
know we never stopped making sperm
unless you know you're not married to a
38 year old you doing fine dude take
some time for yourself here less than
ten years ago you were in like middle
school learn something about the world
so you can pass it anyway the point is
I'm not disparaging young parents I'm
just saying you know different people do
see you know stuff like that at
different points in their lives as being
you know appropriate or inappropriate I
suppose anyway it's not it's not for me
to say I just you know I basically just
handled myself death card we're
definitely like we have no chance of
making boss rush in case that's not
abundantly clear and we don't really
care about having triple-a battery again
I not disparaging this we've gotten such
okay trinkets over the course of this
run mmm that's a little scary isn't it
but we really have gotten just okay
trinkets over the course of this run
we've not had like one cancer level
trinket or curve torn or you know it's
not dark princess crown but like bloody
crown or whatever it's called show up
and be like this is the trinket instead
we kind of you know we're getting a lot
of B pluses and we're going hey you know
well well you can retake the midterm
exam and if you get a higher mark then
you got on the midterm
second time I'll give you that mark and
then you know we got like a 51 and now
we're getting like a 53 like yeah it is
better but I spent like you know another
eight hours studying for it so I'm not
really sure from an opportunity cost
standpoint it was a great use of my time
but the point is as good as that was
terrible as decent as the run is right
now it's no longer good I would say
but as decent as the run is right now we
need a damage upgrade that is not
dependent you got something for me no we
dependent on for Babylon for its quality
right now I put myself in a rough spot
there right now we're not there not even
close
without Whore of Babylon being active we
have like two damage growth hormones
helps yeah okay I'm going to go glass
candy for a while here and we should go
to our shop now that you're too slow
well that's easy money and we will get
the stopwatch which is also a speed
upgrade but we're at max speed okay well
we will use bombs and I need more than
that I'm sorry to tell you
we'll use bombs and that takes us to
five cents which allows us to get this
which is ace of clubs which is not great
but can live with it try a few of these
out and then we're going to use
forget-me-now okay
so we'll keep ace of clubs for now you
just forget me now we're going to try to
get like a one floor ahead of where
we're at right now because we're
certainly not there at the present
moment so I am starting to get a little
bit more nervous about this run I think
I went into it I had like the opposite
of highway blindness where you the
highway blindness is where obviously by
the way we don't need Calais anymore so
it's not that out but I highway
blindness is when you know you're going
110 kilometres an hour
you know like 75 miles an hour on the on
the interstate and then you hit your
exit and the sign goes you know maximum
30 miles an hour you're 50 kilometres an
hour you slow down to that speed and you
go what were they smoking they can't be
right this is like I'm
going at a snail's pace but it's only
because you've become acclimated to your
fast speed that you that you think that
that is impossibly slow we got like the
opposite where all of my recent runs
have been so good where I'm looking at
this one and going this one is also
great because it exists and that is
clearly not the case
that's tough love tough choice
we got three luck right now so it's like
a little tempting but I'm gonna go for
rotten baby instead it's a little bit of
the coward's way out but you know
cowardice gets a bad rap what how many
people have died due to cowardice
appearing to be like a negative trait
cowardice is a survival trade dude
the problem with cowardice is a bad
thing you know if invaders are knocking
on your door or something like that and
they're like we would very much be
liking to take your property right now
yeah let's just go and you're just like
well I don't want to get hurt so sure
take my house and you know use my car
keys that's that's cowardice to an
extreme degree they always do it like
hey want to want a duel well you'll be
really funny as if we just got in a
gunfight and killed each other don't
really want to do that oh what a coward
I like cowardice is the most
misdiagnosed personality trait of all
time we can use polydactyly I always get
confused because I think that it's the
same as the belly button until I
remember that they're just similar but
not the same what a garbage deal with
the devil I would say that you know to
some extent I am I am a coward but I
don't think that I'm on courageous as
much as those might seem like they're at
odds with one another I don't like to
take stupid risks like I really don't
understand beyond like a neurochemical
level I don't understand the appeal of
gambling
but oddly for a while I was really into
opening Counter Strike global Offensive
boxes not like I didn't never do like
csgo lotto or stuff like that but I'd
like sure you know we're doing the
subscriber stream all open like you know
ten crates or something like that which
is gambling except the downside is that
instead of even having a chance to win
real money you just win skins me and
literally an incredibly complicated
series of intermediaries you can turn
those skins into the money that you
originally had when you start okay I
know I'm very familiar sadly with the
whole process that's family I mean
wouldn't be lost aches I suppose but um
could have been a better bomb could have
been a better bomb
gotta send it like a letter from above
because I forget them it's been a while
Watsky it's not been a while for him
he's working but it's been a while for
me anyway but I you know I've said this
a couple times but I had the misfortune
if you lived there and loved it don't
let me decide you but I had the
misfortune of being in Las Vegas a
couple times this year I just do not
understand gambling we had the my
colleague of mine and I were hanging out
of the roulette table is pretty again
low stakes you know it's like a minimum
five dollar minimum $10 bet Soze like
you know the kiddie tables basically but
you could bet up to like $200 a bed or
something like that there was a lady who
came out of sat next to us and that I
feel like the thing with gambling is you
never call it like you never you never
know if they're cool or addicted which
doesn't sound nice but she came down and
she you know was at the roulette table
making some very very dangerous bets you
know the way that I was doing it was
basically like I want to sit here and
they will keep bringing me stuff as long
as I you know am constantly betting so
I'd be like look at me you know $20 on
red and then they'd be like okay it's
black what do you want this time and I'm
like $20 on red and then they're like
it's red and I'm like feeding the system
except sometimes you get
double greens and then that throws your
variance all off anyway the point is she
was going like give me $200 on like 11
lady 11 is just one number I understand
you get paid out to a proportionally
higher degree but still she'll to buy my
fuzzy mental math calculations of this
lady lost like two or three grand
sitting here for an hour I was down like
you know 18 dollars or something like
that it was a fantastic time either way
I just I don't get it because for me
they would have like if they doubled the
odds of the casino in my favor I might
be in but if I bet like a hundred
dollars on something and I lose a
hundred dollars I'm like that sucks I'm
a failure why I just spend a hundred
ollars for nothing but if I bet $100 and
I win and I get $200 I go as not really
that big of a deal you know I turned 100
dollars into $200 it's not like
life-changing I suppose it could be
life-changing
if you bet like your whole life savings
on it but then you know multiply the
feeling of losing that hundred dollars
is what any you get the idea I think is
what I'm trying to get across here like
there was the story and I hated that I
don't think it's irresponsible
journalism that this was published but I
hate the interpretation that some people
are going to have of this there's like a
guy in England and he got fired from his
job he was it must have been a good job
because he had something like you know a
hundred thousand pounds in savings so
he's doing pretty well right but he got
fired from his job and I guess this you
know you know something shorted out in
his brain no offense meant but you'll
hear the story and maybe agree with me
and if you don't well I'm not saying I'm
right but he was like you know what I'm
just gonna I'm going to start a new life
so he flew to Vegas and he put all of
his life savings on like black or red it
doesn't matter you one of the like 49%
gets at the roulette table and he won so
the news printed the story and they're
like this is amazing
look at this he doubled his life savings
in one go yeah but like if you've got
like a hundred thousand pounds in your
savings account you're doing better than
like likely I mean obviously compared to
people who live you know in like Burkina
Faso I'm going to exempt that from this
situation but even relative to the other
people in your country you're probably
beating like 98% of them or something
right you're up there is what I'm
getting at to double that is not that
big of a deal you know once you get a
those levels of wealth you got to start
multiplying it by five I think in order
to see a huge return that is a great
pickup for us
whereas if you lose all of your life
savings you go from being like I can
comfortably rent for the next four years
without working a day - I have to live
in a garbage can
this is like that seem like the worst
sure is it 50/50 no but it's like
roughly 50/50 admittedly that he's going
to win or lose and you get a
proportional reward for winning that you
do for losing so I understand from a
mathematical standpoint not the appeal
necessarily but the value proposition
but I feel like if somebody had just sat
down with him and been like hey Dawg you
understand that yeah okay you got an
equal chance to win loose not quite but
you know roughly but the consequences of
losing are way better than the rewards
of winning in this situation he would
have been like oh yeah
let's see ball the way it's me it's 1961
Paul McCartney paperback writer that
gives me a good idea anyway sounds
nothing like Paul McCartney because I
haven't died and then add myself
replaced with a look-alike yet am I now
most Australian apparently New Zealand
maybe Jerry's out gives me a great idea
for a song anyway
anyway I don't know that's what I'm just
saying on it I don't get gambling I
don't even remember where that came from
I guess I get the addiction aspect of
gambling I suppose it's like Kanye West
said why everything is supposed to be
bad make me feel so good everything they
told me not to was exactly what I would
oh dude we can actually fight huh she or
Kanye didn't say that part but um I
don't think we want to is just a
testament to the fact that the run has
gotten like a little better here all its
own even but he doesn't talk about
gambling in that song he says what's
your addiction to money is girls is it
weed I'm been inflicted but I would but
not to but all three and is more than
that it's like crocodile I think you've
ever been afflicted by crime not trying
to say you haven't gone through your own
struggles you know everybody walks their
own path Kanye but they're going to
addicted to crocodile you know what I'm
going to roll the freaking dice here the
other thing is Guppies tail gives us a
little protective sorry Guppies a paw
gives us a little protection for Whore
of Babylon by that I mean if we get like
uh if you get lard we could take it and
then get six spirit hearts out of it and
it's not like the speed downgrade gives
us much of a negative right now so so I
got to say the Harbinger seven
harbingers whatever the hack is called I
don't know like I don't know if it's any
good at all but it is nice all that's so
good it is nice to have the the Flies
like part of it is rotten baby now as
well but I think it might be sort of
good this but it's like a like a meat
boy I don't know if it's as good as a
third-level meat boy but it's like a
like a little huh she that seeks out
enemies and spawns flies for you seems
okay by the way I've like ignored look
listen this whole time I guarantee it
shouldn't have done that and mmm not
gonna necessarily apologize for I think
that's the punishment doesn't fit the
crime but you know I'm hurting myself by
doing so and I recognize that one
internal heart could have changed the
game for us at a few different
opportunities but we're gonna we're
going to manage to make it through here
regardless and I'm relatively shouldn't
have shouldn't have done it but
relatively happy about that thing is I
play a risky style and Isaac oh I didn't
even see that one play a risky style and
Isaac you might think that I'm prone to
that sort of like well now I know if you
would listen to the episodes you're not
just watching for the high caliber
gameplay you know I'm a you know I'm a
fairly risk-averse person I think yeah
that's why I like playing risky and
video games
I guess appeals to me because the
consequences are essentially nil except
for you know when you do really bad in
Kerbal space program for a little while
you know jeopardizing your whole
livelihood but you know that's not
nothing serious so something's wrong
come on man there's something happening
here I'm not even picking up pennies
anymore you can't convince me let's go
for keys
my favorite concert have ever seen was
the four keys it was the Black Keys a
Stevie Wonder cover band that played the
entirety of songs in the key of life and
now you go on choose how we going to get
two more keys out of this one key &
peele opened with the comedy thing you
know comedy music go hand-in-hand nice
to see they haven't gone to Hollywood
and they can still show up at the you
know Bellingham iBUYPOWER Festival I
don't know I was trying to think and all
these arenas have like bad names you
know I understand the corporate
sponsorship but you know when I was a
kid the Montreal Forum you know Maple
Leaf Gardens now it's always like it's
the Quicken Loans track and field event
and you're like I lost a little bit of
the magic fear a little bit of the
decorum you know when did the sports
become all about money well when they
asked you to give up your 20s and have a
good chance of a you know chronic brain
injury that afflicts you later but
whether it would come all about the
monies that you see you're changing my
points around here so we're going to get
two books that I couldn't care less
about and that's okay but certainly not
quite the caliber of items I was
expecting to grab down here I think it's
fair this run is actually like kind of
not good I don't want to I don't want to
make you think that it's like it was a
chore to do this run cuz we got some
positive things going for us like when I
had to we get six luck like my luck set
is just like it's like having a child it
is matured before my eyes and then one
day you know I turn around and it's
going off to college here sprinkler is
pretty cool I like that item
but apart from a couple of big pickups
it was a little bit of an underpowered
run I think so I got to give it up to
like Rawdon baby Harbinger those were
both pretty solid I think growth
hormones was a big help when we needed
damage succubus also a high-quality
pickup without a doubt but also like a
lot of near garbage let's say rotten
baby I would be remiss if I didn't
mention rotten baby I always want to
mention rotten baby one of the best well
probably be one of the top three
familiars I'm going to say the best
familiar but you do have succubus
Incubus rotten baby little brimstone
like you got some got some really good
familiars there Rawdon baby a little
brimstone can can swap out that number
three spot depending on your own damage
set oh pretty good deaths touch in the
home Wow I could not have dodged that
any worse so you know these guys are
done and dusted there's still a
theoretical chance of a loss but it's
low come in here drop this is low like a
1977 David Bowie album produced in
Frankfurt Germany that was Berlin
everybody knows it was Berlin Berlin
that famous David Bowie quote I welcome
the words he should be nine Berliner now
no delirium thank you so much hey thanks
for watching we've enjoyed the episode
if you did click the like button now set
a great deal of course it's crap you
don't see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time
of course